### Date: 29 May 22
### Meeting type: Design update
### Attendees: Connor, Ben, Kashka, Sandra, Thavelarn

## Meeting Plan: Design update 

Meeting Outcomes: After review from the team the Svelte framework will not be part of the intial project design. Once the project's main goals have been achieved, and there is sufficient time to alter the frontend, Svelte may be introduced as an additional feature.

Most of the midterm elements have been contained within the agile/Requirements/Final_requirements/ file of the GitHub repo. If team members have spare time and wish to get ahead of the midterm they can update the information within these files. These files are based on previous midterm marking schemes found on the main ASP Slack channel. These files are not the midterm submission itself but instead the information that will within the midterm submission.

Design ideas for pseudocode (Connor, David, Kashka) and wireframes (Ben, Thavelarn) were uploaded to the GitHit repo. The design ideas will now swap so Connor, David & Kashka will produce wireframes and Ben & Thavelarn will produce pseudocode.

Once all design ideas are submitted the features, designs and project options will be collated and put to a team vote. This will likely be a discord-style voting system on the group Slack channel. Once the final features are created a finalised design will be produced. This will form the reference material for the Software developemnt phase of the project. 

The team decided that the project will be hosted on a web service to allow centralised access to the project. David has had previous success with Vercel on other UoL modules (https://juan-itp-2.vercel.app/) and the team will likely use Vercel or a similar system to deploy the project once complete. 

**Tasks**
+ Ben, Thavelarn:
	+ Design some pseudocode for the functionality of the topic
+ Connor, Kashka, David:
	+ Design some wireframes for the end product
