### Date: 31 Jul 22
### Meeting type: Sprint 5 recap and sprint 6 duties 
### Attendees: Connor, Thavelarn, Kashka, Ben

## Meeting Plan: Review sprint 5 progress and outline tasks for sprint 6

Meeting Outcomes: Progress has been slow due to issues with backend and frontend stalemates. Both sides were expectign development from the other and it caused progress to stall. As there was no team meeting last week it stalled the progress of the previous sprint. This was resolved during the team meeting today and progress will be made next week. This will push the anticipated MVP timeline by 1 week. This may require the T&E time to be reduced to 1 week. This is to be confirmed.

The front end team will produce a second menu to store the user options when they upload a file. This is being lead by Ben with direction from Thavelarn.

The plan for the file parser function was interprited incorrectly and as such it has not been produced. It is now clear how this function should work and it will be created and implemented for the next meeting.

The MVP deadline should be next week.

The Ux may require some tweaking. This will be implemented when the software is at the MVP level and may also be tweaked in the T&E stage. 


**Tasks**
The team remain split as front end and back end developers

+ **David** 
  + any required backend duties that appear on the Slack channel
+ **Connor**
  + implementing user selected data from their own file upload
+ **Kashka**
  + Create a function to parse csv files into column titles and then the individual elements for each

+ **Ben // Thavelarn** 
  + Create the second menu to appear on the screen, this will store the interface for the user to select the individual files to use.
