### Date: 14 Aug 22
### Meeting type: Sprint 7 recap and sprint 8 duties 
### Attendees: Connor, Thavelarn

## Meeting Plan: Review sprint 7 progress and outline tasks for sprint 8

Meeting Outcomes: Export functionality has been corrected. This is still to be made into a listbox - Connor to action.

David is still to link the user data to chart.js - this is expected to occur prior to the next meeting.

Following this link the project will likely step into the testing phase. The plan for this testing phase is to use accessibility audit tools found online as well as giving the software to friends and family to explore blackbox and whitebox testing. The results will then be commented upon in the end of project report.

On Coursera the final project has a very good webinar by Dr Sean McGrath. Within this webinar he outlines the requiremnts and expectations of the project. This can be found at https://www.coursera.org/learn/uol-cm2020-agile-software-projects/lecture/nwSfx/recording-of-coursework-2-module-leader-chat-on-22-02-21-18-00-12-54-04. 

**As the MVP has still not been finalised the 2 week T&E period has been reduced to 1 week and an 8th sprint has been created. This was pre-planned as a contingency for the project development timeline**


**Tasks**
The team remain split as front end and back end developers

+ **David** 
  + Finalise user uploaded data link with charts.js 
+ **Connor**
  + export functionality with list box
+ **Kashka**
  + Assisit in commenting the current code base

+ **Ben // Thavelarn** 
  + Add accessibility tags included in the file.
