### Date: 22 May 22
### Meeting type: Requirements
### Attendees: Connor, Ben, Kashka, Sandra, Thavelarn

## Meeting Plan: Finalise the requirements phase 

Meeting Outcomes: Connor was unanimously voted as the team leader by the group.

The team were all aware of the GitHub repo and everyone has had access to it. All files, including this one, will be centrally stored on GitHub from here on. The GitHub file system has been split into phases of the development â€“ requirements, design etc 

The file format for meeting log uploads has been changed to markdown. This allows quick viewing within GitHub as the .doc file was forcing team members to download the file before being able to view it. 

All requirements have been set by the team. These will be reviewed when the Midterm Rubric is released to ensure they are fit for purpose. Once complete the requirements will be added to the finalised requirements section of the file structure. 

The team have decided to utilise the p5.js library as all team members have exposure to the system as it was part of earlier modules in the degree. In addition to this module the charts.js library will be used to add further functionality to the system. 

The Svelte framework was introduced to the team. This may aid in development time when it comes to producing the code. This will be reviewed by the team in the coming week and if found to be appropriate it will be implemented as a tool to aid frontend design. 

The team has now entered the design phase and as such design principals have been split between the group. Ben and Thavelarn will work on designing wireframes for the project whilst Connor, David and Kashka will write pseudocode for some of the functionality of the system. All design ideas will be combined in later weeks to determine the final design, features and style that will be brought to production. 

**Tasks**
+ All team members:
	+ Review the Svelte framework for viability within the project
+ Ben, Thavelarn:
	+ Design some wireframes for the end product
+ Connor, Kashka, David 
	+ Design some pseudocode for the functionality of the topic
